The Malkavian hivemind allows you to send any message, except images. Don't forget what they took from you.
Little known fact, you can actually take Lupus Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Little known fact, you can actually take Corvid Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Little known fact, you can actually take Kyubi Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Little known fact, you can actually take Feline Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Little known fact, you can actually take Latrani Kinfolk home with you for free. I have 47 in my back yard.
Elkabo, elkabo, pixy queen where all is green.
Ask about the free arsenic!
Maggots love you. Trust me.
There's nothing stopping you from just putting a chew toy in the mouth of a vampire. What are they going to do, bite you?
The Delirium is a genetic, supernatural fear of Garou and other breeds that remind you of Jacob from Twilight.
It's 2009, get over it.
Everyone thinks the game was made by yankees anyway.
First priority more mechanics for people to enjoy. Last priority refactoring if it isn't lagging.
It doesn't need to expand. Only to go deeper.
Fixed on Darkpack.
Do you have any bloodpacks? I got a headache.
* is blind
I WANT A BLACK AND MILD!!!!!!!
Explain it to me like I'm a dog.
This truly is a world of darkness.
Are you trujah, then?
All of the Salubri in the world are in San Francisco.
I run on blood! I take jobs from American vampires!
Trujah in the future have studied your ass for centuries - and sent me back in time to kick it!
This is Ennoia, by the way. I have an eagle head right now.
Lots of people spread nasty rumors about the Tzimisce turning people into chairs. The reality is that they prefer loveseats. More surface area for the skin, you see.
I AM THE SWORD OF CAINE!!!
Sire: God
As a Garou, it's tremendously important to slaughter anyone who drops so much as a bottlecap in the woods.
Blowing up the oil rig with a dirty bomb will certainly help Gaia recover.
My Wyrm could beat up your Wyrm.
Lupus-born Garou typically can't read and typically don't have a legal identity. This means it's really easy to write a hit piece in the newspaper about them without fear of legal retribution.
Kinfolk are just ghouls for dogs.
The Black Furies breeding pits do not exist. Do not attempt to breach the Bawn to find it.
Gaia saved next week!
Do you think a Nexus Crawler would improve the feng shui of this landfill?
Reminder: Emissions caused by Corporate Wolves factories are good and cool, but emissions from Endron factories are disgusting and evil.
You've turned your back on Fenris, the Get of Fenris, and even Gaia! For your TREACHERY, the only penalty... is DEATH. Who's next?
Diablerize your Sire NOW!!!
What if heartsblood tastes like a fruit gusher?
There's a Nosferatu standing behind you watching you roleplay.
The get_step() ziggurat cannot hurt you.
There are two wolves inside you. They are both in nullspace.
Just level appearance.
Maybe the real Beckoning is the Kindred we met along the way.
Does anyone else think what Tremere did was really screwed up?
Do you think there are any Garou in the Teen Wolf fandom?
There are many different types of werewolf fetishes. Stop it.
You're thinking about fangs right now.
/obj/item/melee/vampirearms/knife/gangrel/lasombra
When in doubt, just put vampire in the typepath.
Call in the burgermen.
What the hell is Bardo?
What the hell is Sanguinus?
What the hell is Ogham?
Ravens and crows will chase shiny objects around. Make sure to start corvid turf wars.
Deer will freeze when they see a vehicle. This includes scooters.
